# AI-Cyber-Agent

This is an experimental, autonomous AI agent designed for cybersecurity tasks. Its core feature is a flexible Large Language Model (LLM) integration, supporting both the diverse models available through the **OpenRouter API** (like DeepSeek) and self-hosted local LLMs for offline and privacy-focused operations (**Ollama**). The agent leverages the reasoning of these models to automate penetration testing workflows, operating directly on your command line to make decisions and execute tools to achieve a given objective.

## How It Works:

It operates on a simple yet powerful **Think → Act → Observe** loop:

**Think:** Given a target and an objective, the agent sends its current status and history to the model. The LLM analyzes the situation and decides on the next logical step, formulating its reasoning and the precise command to execute.  

**Act:** The agent executes the command generated by the LLM directly in your local terminal with sudo privileges. This allows it to use any installed tool and even install new ones if needed. 

**Observe:** The agent captures the full output of the command and sends it back to the LLM as context for the next "Think" cycle. This allows the agent to learn from its actions, handle errors, and chain commands together intelligently.

### PARAMETERS:

**--target**: Defines the primary target   

**--objective**: Specifies the ultimate goal or the specific task the AI agent must achieve regarding the target.  

**--provider**: Sets the AI provider to use. If this argument is omitted, the agent defaults to openrouter.  

**--model**: Specifies the exact language model to be used by the selected provider (e.g., llama3, gpt-4o).  

**-o**: The user can specify a name to save the tool’s execution as output.  

## STEPS TO RUN - Always run this tool in Kali Linux VM for best results:

```sh
python3 -m venv pentest_framework
```

```sh
source pentest_framework/bin/activate
```

```sh
pip install requests
```
**Using Ollama:**

Download any model you want and run the python script
```sh
ollama pull qwen3:1.7b
```
```sh
python3 opa.py --target "testphp.vulnweb.com" --objective "verify if this host is alive" --provider "ollama" --model "qwen3:1.7b" -o host_alive.txt
```
**Using Openrouter:**
```sh
export OPENROUTER_API_KEY=YOUR_KEY
```
```sh
python3 AI_AGENT.py --target "example.com" --objective "Identify and exploit any reflected XSS" --model "deepseek/deepseek-chat-v3.1" -o xss.txt
```
